---
title: "Cloud Infrastructure and Storage Architect (ES-remote)"
date: 2021-01-08T10:27:18-06:00
image: images/partners/redhat.png
button: Apply now!
link: https://global-redhat.icims.com/jobs/93266/cloud-infrastructure-and-storage-architect/job?hub=7
draft: false
---


The Red Hat Consulting Services team is looking for a Cloud Infrastructure and Storage Architect with solid background in cloud infrastructure, virtualization (traditional and K8s-based) and software defined storage to join us in Spain. In this role, you will promote the adoption of Red Hat's solutions at our key enterprise accounts, government agencies, and service provider partners. You’ll earn the trust and confidence of our customers’ engineering, development, and operations teams by matching their requirements and use cases with the functional capabilities of our solutions. As a Cloud Infrastructure and Storage Architect, you'll have a great opportunity to build on your core base of knowledge and work in a fast-paced environment promoting the adoption of best in class and enterprise standards through Red Hat's portfolio and solutions. You'll work as part of the Red Hat Consulting team that offers more than just technical expertise. 

You'll serve as a strategic adviser who takes a big picture view of customer organizations, analyses their challenges, and helps to overcome them with comprehensive, cost-effective solutions. 

As part of our team, you'll help customers quickly and strategically achieve value while building enterprise-wide capabilities through our open technologies and consulting approach. Successful applicants must reside in a country where Red Hat is registered to do business.